[DOCS-2174] Database Monitoring product documentation (#11195)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/data_collected.md

---
title: Database Monitoring Data Collected
kind: documentation
description: Information about the data that Database Monitoring collects.
further_reading:

---
{{< site-region region="us3,gov" >}}
<div class="alert alert-warning">Database Monitoring is not supported for this site.</div>
{{< /site-region >}}

When you setup Database Monitoring, the Agent collects all the metrics described in the corresponding integration documentation. This includes metrics about database state, events, failovers, connections, and buffer pools, plus the query performance metrics that Database Monitoring uses.

To see a complete list of metrics collected, see the integration Data Collected documentation for your database product:

> {{< partial name="dbm/dbm-data-collected" >}}

Author: Nice catch. Fixing.

<p></p>

The metrics used for Database Monitoring views are, primarily:
- **MySQL**: `mysql.queries.*`
- **Postrgres**: `postgresql.queries.*`

## Sensitive information

The Database Monitoring Agent obfuscates all query bind parameters sent to the Datadog intake. Thus passwords, PII (Personally identifiable information), and other potentially sensitive information stored in your database will not be viewable in query metrics, query samples, or explain plans.

However, there are some common sources of data risks:

### Database schema

If table names, column names, indexes, database names, or any other schema contain sensitive information, these data are not obfuscated. It is very uncommon that database schema are considered sensitive, but please be advised that obfuscation is not applied to these data types.

### Database logs

> If you are sending logs to Datadog from your database, please be aware that some logs can contain the full SQL query text including query bind parameters. We recommend reviewing and applying [log security rules][1] consistent with your organization's requirements.

Author: ```suggestion
If you are sending logs to Datadog from your database, be aware that some logs can contain the full SQL query text including query bind parameters. Review and apply [log security rules][1] consistent with your organization's requirements.
```
